Okay, so far we have this,
a couple little things came up
just in the last few minutes.
So one of the things is let's say we have
this light and it's in our scene, but
we can't really see where
the light is placed, and so
we wanted to move this light around.
We're gonna just have to like kinda
start messing with these numbers,
it starts to get a bit confusing.
You're like trying to reason about where
it is, well, there's a thing called point
light helper, in three.js,
that we can use just like this.
We're gonna do scene.addnew
THREE.PointLightHelper,
we're gonna pass in the light.
And, what that's gonna do,
is wherever the light is in the scene,
it's gonna draw this huge sort of,
shape this wireframe shape.
And actually it's a little bit huge right
now because it's default size of one,
so let's make it a bit
smaller by saying 0.1.
That's the second argument there
is the size of this little helper.
And so, if we've got that now we're
gonna see a little white diamond
wherever the point light is placed.
So now we can actually start to
position the light just as we want and
we can see where it is, and we can
just get a bit more exact with that.
So there's a lot of these concepts
in Three.js called helpers,
these helpers are usually these wireframe
things that just show us where things are,
and it's really helpful for debugging.
But then for the actual production,
you might wanna just turn those off
by commenting that out, Question?
>> Is there a similar helper for
the plane or the axis lines?
>> Yeah, so there is, good question.
So let's say we're confused about
how to orient ourselves here,
we can say scene.add(new
THREE.GridHelper).
And the first argument here is the size of
the grid, so if we just use 1, it would be
almost the same size as the sphere
something, so we're gonna use maybe 5.
And then the second
argument is the divisions,
the number of divisions in our grid,
we can leave it as the default, or
we can make it more divided if we want
to sort of see that a bit better.
And then the third and fourth arguments
have to do with the color of the grid, so
if you're working with a scene
that has a gray background,
you might actually wanna
change the color of the grid.
And so, if we actually look now,
we're seeing our world a little
bit better with this grid, there's also
another let me just check the docs here,
cuz there should be also another helper
that has to do more with the axes.
So it's called AxesHelper, so again,
just maybe keep the docs open,
you might wanna pop this open whenever
you're lost I'm always forgetting things
with the docs cuz there are so
many features here.
But if you just copy that, we can pop that
in this as well and see how that looks.
Yeah, question?
>> How do I restart my server?
>> Good question, so
let's say something is wrong here,
maybe it's no longer working, what you
can do is you can open the terminal and
hit Ctrl+C, and
that will quit the the server.
So that'll stop serving and if you reload,
you're gonna get like a blank page for
this kind of thing.
And then we're gonna wanna restart our
server by just running canvas-sketch in
the same folder that we
were running before,
with the filename that we've been editing,
so it's called sketch.js.
And you no longer need to add dash
dash new or dash dash template or
anything cuz those are only necessary
when scaffolding out the file.
But now that it's there, we can just run
this command, and it will open back up.
Yeah, so
one thing I might not have mentioned, but
when we ran all these scaffolding things,
it ended up creating this sort of
structure of file like a package.lok,
package.json.
And also a node modules folder
which is gonna bring in and
include things like Three.js or
Canvas Sketch.